feat: Add doc to add a sdk (#290)
numary/ledger: SDK.md

# Add a new SDK

We use [OpenAPI generator](https://openapi-generator.tech/) to generate ledger client SDK.`

> This doc refers to the tools named [task](https://taskfile.dev/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This doc refers to the tool named [task](https://taskfile.dev/)
```

> If you want to add a new languages, you have to configure some things.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to add a new language, you have to configure a few things.
```

## Configuration

First, you need to create a configuration file.

> The config file must be added inside the directory sdk/configs/.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This file must be added inside the sdk/configs directory.
```

> The filename MUST match the name of the involved api generator (ie java.yaml for java or php.yaml for php).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The file name MUST match the name of the involved api generator (i.e. java.yaml for java or php.yaml for php).
```

By convention, the newly added config file MUST add the following configuration : 
```
templateDir: templates/<generator name> # related to sdk/
```

Again, we use the generator name to name this directory. We also have to create the directory sdk/templates/<generator name>.

> If the generator provide required properties, you MUST define the licence to MIT.

Author: Ok. What point is not clear for you?

> If the generator provide required properties, you MUST define the licence to MIT.

Reviewer: I don't understand this sentence neither 😢

> If the generator provide required properties, you MUST define the licence to MIT.

Author: Some generator (java for example) provide configuration options to define the licence name. But it is not the case for all.
I want to express the fact, that if a generator provide those configuration options, we have to use them.

> If the generator provide required properties, you MUST define the licence to MIT.

Reviewer 2: I still don't see it, why would the licence be set to MIT if the generator provide licence configuration ?

> If the generator provide required properties, you MUST define the licence to MIT.

Author: (MIT was decided with @altitude and @flemzord )

The rest of the configuration is specific to the language and should be carefully specified. 

> You have to keep in mind the SDK will be hosted on github.com/numary/numary-sdk-<generator name> and so, you could have to define some properties for a language which would not exists on another language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have to keep in mind that the SDK will be hosted on github.com/numary/numary-sdk-<generator name>, so you could have to define some properties for a language which would not exist on another language.
```

## Customization

> Customization of the generated SDK can be achieved modifying the openapi generator builtins templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Customization of the generated SDK can be achieved by modifying the openapi generator builtins templates.
```

You can extract them for your generator using the following command :
```
task sdk:template -- <generator name>
```

The command will extract all templates inside the directory sdk/templates/<generator name>.

> You can modify them as well as you want.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can edit them as much as you want.
```
